---
layout: default
title: Releases
categories: root
permalink: releases.html
---


<p><a href="release-1.9.html">PhantomJS 1.9</a> "Sakura", was released on March 20, 2013. It came with an updated GhostDriver, an improved resource loading control, as well as other incremental improvements.</p>

<p><a href="release-1.8.html">PhantomJS 1.8</a> "Blue Winter Rose", was released on December 21, 2012. It integrated GhostDriver, a remote WebDriver (Wire Protocol) implementation, and many related API addition.</p>

<p><a href="release-1.7.html">PhantomJS 1.7</a> "Blazing Star", was released on September 22, 2012. It added module system support (modelled after CommonJS), better cookies handling, and other small improvements.</p>

<p><a href="release-1.6.html">PhantomJS 1.6</a> "Lavender" was released on June 20, 2012. It is a minor update with some improvements on the rendering and script evaluation, as well as various bug fixes.</p>

<p><a href="release-1.5.html">PhantomJS 1.5</a> "Ghost Flower" was released on March 20, 2012. It added pure headless (no X11) for the Linux version, improved troubleshooting with interactive mode and remote debugger, and a new system module.</p>

<p><a href="release-1.4.html">PhantomJS 1.4</a> "Glory of the Snow" was released on December 22, 2011. It is a minor update, mostly bug fixes and one new major feature: WebServer module.</p>

<p><a href="release-1.3.html">PhantomJS 1.3</a> "Water Lily" was released on September 23, 2011. It added preliminary module syntax, file system support, mouse events, and other page-related improvements.</p>

<p><a href="release-1.2.html">PhantomJS 1.2</a> "Birds of Paradise" was released on June 21, 2011. It implemented an abstraction for web page object, added support for rasterization and network traffic monitoring.</p>

<p><a href="release-1.1.html">PhantomJS 1.1</a> "Cherry Blossom" was released on April 27, 2011. It added supports for file upload, network proxy, disk cache, GIF output. In addition, scripts can now be written in CoffeeScript.</p>
